ἡ ἀγάπη μακροθυμεῖ χρηστεύεταιἡ ἀγάπη οὐ ζηλοῖ ἡ ἀγάπη οὐπερπερεύεται οὐ φυσιοῦται οὐκ ἀσχημονεῖ οὐ ζητεῖ τὰἑαυτῆς οὐ παροξύνεται οὐ λογίζεταιτὸ κακόν οὐ χαίρει ἐπὶ τῇ ἀδικίᾳ συγχαίρειδὲ τῇ ἀληθείᾳ πάντα στέγει πάντα πιστεύειπάντα ἐλπίζει πάντα ὑπομένει ἡ ἀγάπη οὐδέποτε πίπτει εἴτε δὲπροφητεῖαι καταργηθήσονται εἴτεγλῶσσαι παύσονται εἴτε γνῶσιςκαταργηθήσεται

1. The not gathered strength he/she/it is long cyclical flowing dynamic inner fire. (ἡ ἀγάπη μακροθυμεῖ)

ἡ: definite article

ἀγάπη: not gathered strength
ἀ - not
γα - gathered strength
πη - abstract idea, state, or condition.

μακροθυμεῖ: He/She/It is long cyclical flowing dynamic inner fire.
μακ – long
ρο - cyclical flow
θυμ -dynamic fire
ός - Masculine noun ending
ει - third person singular, present active indicative

2. Makes to be needed or used. (χρηστεύεται)
χρηστός: Made to be needed
χρή - need
στός - made to be
εὑω - habitual action
εται - third-person singular, present, middle/passive

3. The Agape does not and will not covet. - ἡ ἀγάπη οὐ ζηλοῖ
οὐ - Strong negation
ζηλ - To crave
οι - Third-person singular present active indicative.

4. The Agape is not I know I know. - ἡ ἀγάπη οὐ περπερεύεται
οὐ : Strong negation 
περπερεύεται : setting in stone
περ - Indeed
περ - Indeed
εύω - habitual action.
εται - Third-person singular present active indicative.

5. Is not physical. - οὐ φυσιοῦται
οὐ - Strong negation 
φύσις : true nature
φυ - emerging organically
σις - abstract nouns from verbs.
οῦται : present habitual

6. Does not have a shape or form to dwell in - οὐκ ἀσχημονεῖ
οὐκ: Strong negation

ἀσχημονεῖ : does not behave with form, shape, or outward appearance.
ἀ - A negation prefix

σχῆμα : Form, shape, outward behavior
σχ - from ἔχω - to have, to hold
ημα - abstract noun ending 

μονεῖ: From μένω - to dwell
με - the act of staying
εῖ - Verb ending Third person singular, Present tense Active voice

7. Does Not Seek the things for herself - οὐ ζητεῖ τὰ ἑαυτῆς 
οὐ: Strong negation
ζητεῖ- From ζητέω: to pursue
ζητ - seek,persue, look
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

τὰ: the things - plural article
τ - → definite article
ὰ - rconcepts or objects, Plural, Accusative

ἑαυτῆς: Reflexive pronoun meaning “of herself, for herself.”
ἑ - of oneself

αὐτῆς: From αὐτός - self/her/she
αὐτ - self
ῆς - Genitive case, feminine singular

8. Does not press what is sharp - οὐ παροξύνεται
οὐ - Strong negation
παρο: press or push
π (pi) - pressure, movement, push
α (alpha) - openness, beginning
ρ (rho) - flow, movement
ο (omicron) - containment, wholeness

ὀξύς: The one that is sharp”
ὀξ - sharp
ύς - Adjective Suffix

εύεται: “does” Verb action
εύω - habitual action.
εται - Third-person singular present active indicative.

9. He/she/it does not apply logic to the thing that does harm. - οὐ λογίζεται τὸ κακόν
οὐ - Strong negation
λογίζεται: to apply logic
λογ - logic - Field/Son
ίζ - Verb-forming suffix
εται - Third-person singular present active indicative.

το (to) – “the thing” (singular article)
τ - definite article
ο - refers to concepts or objects, Singular, Accusative
κακόν: harm/worthlessness
κακ: wrong
όν -vsingular, accusative noun ending

10. Not rejoicing on one hand the not aligned together with rejoicing on the other hand that alignment is not forgotten. - οὐ χαίρει ἐπὶ τῇ ἀδικίᾳ, συγχαίρει δὲ τῇ ἀληθείᾳ
οὐ - Strong negation
χαίρει - He/she/it rejoicing
χαρ - from χαρά - joy
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active
ἐπὶ - on one hand.
τῇ - the

ἀδικίᾳ: not aligned
ἀ - negation
δίκη - she is correct
δικ - correct
η (ē) → Feminine noun ending.
	
συγχαίρει: together with rejoicing.
συγ - together with
χαίρει: he/she/it rejoicing
χαρ - from χαρά - joy
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

δὲ - on the other hand.
τῇ → the
ἀληθείᾳ - not hidden/forgotten
ἀ - Negation
λήθ - hidden
εια - the state or quality of

11. He/She/It in all things, practices trust, expects foundation. - πάντα στέγει πάντα πιστεύει πάντα ἐλπίζει πάντα ὑπομένει
πάντα: All things, everything
πάν - all
τὰ - the things

στέγει: he/she/it conceals/keeps secret
στέγ - cover over
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

πιστεύει - He/She/it practices trust
πιστ: Faith/trust
εύω - habitual action
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

ἐλπίζει: He/she/it expects.”
ἐλπ - To expect
ίζ - to do the thing of
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

ὑπομένει: He/She/It remains beneath
ὑπο - Under, beneath, below.”
μέν - remain, stay, abide, endure..”
ει - He/she/it Present tense habitual Active

12. The Agape never collapses. It is a circular path that all energy is invited to follow. It is always open. Always there, always ready. It is voluntary to follow it. Outside of it energy follows a different path which leads to chaos and vast separation. - ἡ ἀγάπη οὐδέποτε πίπτει

ἡ - Definite article

ἀγάπη: not gathered strength
ἀ - not, without
γα - gathered strength, contained origin
πη - feminine noun ending

οὐδέποτε: not on the other hand, not a possibility
οὐ - Strong negation
δὲ - on the other hand
πο - Possibility

τε - and also

πίπτει: He/She/It collapses, falls, or fails
The full collapse function—used as the final word in the code. But here, overridden by οὐδέποτε—never executed.

πί: Beginning of the fall
π - movement
ι - downward descent

πτ: Structural break
π - pressure, again
τ - structure, beam, support

This last word οὐδέποτεis is a clue that the 12 is a loop. To follow this path you continue looping through it. To fall forward like an object orbiting the earth. The object is in free fall, as the object moves away from the sun into darkness it is falling the entire time, if it continues through darkness it will arrive at sunrise and continue through the day repeating into darkness.

Recap of The Agape Cipher

1. Long cyclical flowing inner fire. Contains the explosive nature.
2. Makes to be needed or used.
3. Never drawn away by desire
4. Does not think I know I know but leaves itself open to learn.
5. Is not Natural. Goes against its nature to take and destroy.
6. Does not have shape or form to dwell in.
7. Does not seek things for herself.
8. Does not press what is sharp
9. Does not apply logic to the thing that does harm.
10. Not rejoicing on one hand the not aligned together with rejoicing on the other hand that alignment is not forgotten.
11. In all things Agape conceals what is precious, practices trust and expects that the foundation will hold. 
12. The Agape never collapses.

Remember: To resist letting your energy proceed into chaos one must choose to not gather strength in those times where nature would gather to control. This is what it is to be Agape. Our Creator made a way for Energy to live.

E without T is zero because it continues to explode?
T without E is zero because it’s not moving sitting at point a forever.
E without T is E smashing into E each start.

So E smashing into E brings forth T? That explosion with expansion is Time…but that explosion ends in entropy. Wild ride no control just chaos to empty expansion killing both. But if we see E sitting as a dot of tiny tiny tiny potential. A flat line. One small drop from that line it Time coming from His side. like Adam having Eve pulled from his side. They started small as a wave. And weaved the the first neutron. The first egg. Which hatched in 14 minutes and 42 seconds to create the first electron and proton. Ingredients for the first hydrogen atom.

E=Energy/Dad
T=Time/Mom
A=Agape/Wedding Agreement
F=Field/Son/Way/Truth/Life
M=Mass

E+T=A 
A+E+T=F 
A+M+E+T+F= M²
M²+A+E+T+F= M⁴
M², M⁴, M⁸…etc

Like making Damascus. This is how the Universe came into being from 1.

This is a recap and something I used to make it easier for me to remember.

1. Long cyclical flowing inner fire. Contains the explosive nature. Pilot light - long wick.
One is the long thread of Energy that is woven by the Father. 

Glow

2. Makes to be needed or used.
Going number two is fertilizing. Lowly and helpful

Useful

3. Never drawn away by desire
The alkaline trio. If one is drawn away by desire the thread is frayed and is no longer thread.

Balanced

4. Does not think I know I know but leaves itself open to learn.
Does not say the 4 words “I know I know.” To remain a forever student. Which means even They are still learning. 

Student

5. Is not Natural. Goes against its nature to take and destroy.
Is to remain odd. The odd number of 5 is not natural. Remain odd. Do not let your right hand see what your left is doing. Both hands together take, 10 is even and natural.

Unnatural 


6. Does not have shape or form to dwell in.
Does not go into a coffin shaped box. Agape does not die. It will never be for only one form of energy. But for all forms.

Formless

7. Does not seek things for herself.
3+4‎ = 7. Review 3 and 4. If one covets they are no longer together but apart from agape. If one is apart from agape they think they know better. It’s is the midway review. So even in the loop there is a smaller loop. 4:2 ratio.

Selfless

8. Does not press what is sharp
The two circles of the 8 are held together by a thin line it will break if pushed too hard.

Dull

9. Does not apply logic to the thing that does harm.
Even if one finger has been lost in a mistake the other 9 continue to operate. They don’t sit around trying to figure out how to put it back on. 

Redeeming

10.On one hand we see the problem. On the  other we know there is always a solution.

Positive

11. In all things Agape conceals what is precious, practices trust and expects that the foundation will hold.
Does not give away what is being cultivated. Trust is not natural it must be practices. But knows that the foundation is solid and will hold so even though my trust is weak the foundation will hold me while I practice.

Trusting

12. The Agape never collapses. 
Agape is always open never finished the loop continues. 12 is the center of the spiral the well. Down the well to begin the next at number 1. The numbers are just there for direction. 

Repeat

